So let's get started configuring jury tunnels.
In this example write a one and write a five are configured as pieces topping the show IP right.
Come on shows me that no routing is enabled on this rudder a default gateway has been configured to
10 1 1 2.
Now I disabled routing on the rudder using the command no IP routing so this router doesn't even have
a routing table as you would expect from a normal rudder.
I've turned off routing and essentially turned the rudder into a P.C. the rudder can ping its default
gateway which is right at too but cannot ping router 5 and that's because no routing has been configured
on rudder 3
rudder 3 has only been configured with IP addresses.
The command show IP rot on rudder 3 shows us that it has directly connected interfaces it has an interface
here and an interface here but no routing is configured the only configuration at the moment is IP addresses
on these interfaces and the interfaces have been enabled.
Once we've configured this topology however rudder one should be able to ping wrote A5 without rudder
3 having any visibility of the Ten Network's ten is once again in RF C 1918 address.
In other words it's a private IP address.
I've used network 4 which is part of Level 3 on the Internet.
So this is a public IP address that belongs to an ISP.
So I'm doing that in this topology to emulate the Internet.
And once again wrote 3 and this example has no visibility of this network or this network and we are
not going to configure it with any visibility of these private IP addresses.
But when the jury tunnel is configured logically traffic is going to go across this Ethernet interface
hit this rather go through the tunnel come out of the tunnel and go across the seas and at interface
and hit rate of 5 and return back through the tunnel.
So we should have connectivity between rudder 1 and rudder 5 I wrote at 2 and rather 4 have static default
rates pointing to rudder 3.
So in this example rudder 2 is configured with an Internet facing IP address as well as internal IP
address on Fost Ethan at 0 0.
And once again with a default gateway pointing to rather 3 rather 4 has something similar.
Show up he wrote shows default not pointing to 10 1 2 1 which is rather 3.
We have an Internet facing interface and an internal interface but at the moment no tunnels have been
configured on these riders so on router 4 we see faster Ethernet 0 0.
We see serial to slash 0 but we don't see a tunnel interface and on route to the same is true.
There's fast Ethernet.
00.
Here is serial to slash 0 so that's the initial topology.
Now let's configure that tunnel between router 2 and router 4 and prove that we can send traffic from
Rado 1 2 out of 5.